Fixes #9907 - Remove examples using Win32_Product class (#9924)
MicrosoftDocs/PowerShell-Docs: reference/docs-conceptual/samples/Working-with-Software-Installations.md

---
description: This article shows how to use WMI to manage software installed in Windows.
ms.date: 03/17/2023
title: Working with software installations
---
# Working with software installations

> Applications that are install using the Windows Installer can be found through WMI's queries, but
> not all applications in use today use the Windows Installer. Applications that use alternate setup
> routines aren't usually managed by the Windows Installer. The specific techniques for working with
> those applications depends on the installer software.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Applications installed with the Windows Installer can be found through WMI's queries, but not all
applications use the Windows Installer. Applications that use alternate setup routines aren't
usually managed by the Windows Installer. The specific techniques for working with those
applications depends on the installer software.
```

`HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\Software\Microsoft\Windows\CurrentVersion\Uninstall`.

We can find the number of installed applications by counting the number
of registry keys:

```powershell
$UninstallPath = 'HKLM:\Software\Microsoft\Windows\CurrentVersion\Uninstall'
(Get-ChildItem -Path $UninstallPath).Count
```

```Output
459
```

We can search this list of applications further using a variety of techniques. To display the values
of the registry values in the registry keys under `Uninstall`, use the `GetValue()` method of the
registry keys. The value of the method is the name of the registry entry. For example, to find the

> display names of applications in the Uninstall key, use the following command:

Reviewer: Should this use any particular markup, like code or bold?

```suggestion
display names of applications in the `Uninstall` key, use the following command:
```

```suggestion
display names of applications in the **Uninstall** key, use the following command:
```
